All That B
the loving thought that goes up all over
the whole universe I think that keeps my
mind sane and healthy
and that in itself keeps a person well
comparatively young if I tell people in
199 most people say I don't believe
it I said no what no time because so
much to do and looking after the poor
people cuz one family you look after
three or four children one man but I've
got such a huge family so I said no no
my family is so big I no time for a
small family
she's a person
who who leave her life for other
people
and she seldom think about herself
somehow or rather she she has a like a a
mission in this world that uh her life
is to serve people and never to think
about her Comfort love your neighbors as
yourself
love everybody because there's not one
single soul in the world who doesn't
want love